just when his career sharma hit an
all-time low movie star Jack Wyatt is
getting one last shot it bewitched we're
redoing it couple of big names are
available for Samantha I want an unknown
in the lead but no I mean after weeks of
searching look Jack Wyatt is very hey
found the perfect which is sure to come
and show everyone what you look like
when you press ok Mary be my TV one day
yeah yeah but she can never let it know
that you are a wicked gonna be one you
just help I am just snapping my fingers
and getting my way no breakfast after
11:00 huh absolutely laughing these
idiotic and yet I find them completely
charming don't do this you'll get this
close and when you find out if he wants
me he won't care there's something I
need to tell you I'm a witch these can
all get me he's got you
she's a witch
kill me we will freak out
I know but I can't change what I am
we should go next I just have to be in
the neighborhood these roses cats even
CD and it's brakeless well it is my
spell casting magical daughters who gave
up witchcraft I want to be like everyone
else's money that was my last how does
it work
why do you get wet see your grow horns
why am I getting pregnant because I
cannot get pregnant right now
[Music]